Hello everyone, my name is how today I will show a quick demo for the auditor Information Portal and as things are showed up for the introduction of the audit information portal, so firstly, you can go to the auditing information portal from our corporate audit Knowledge Hub, and click on the audit analytic solutions and AIP is the first dashboard is showing here or you can just bookmark the URL. And so here this is the homepage and we can see there there is AIP also guides and some other useful links in the bottom of the page. You can click on planning memo sections and the ones you click on it and we'll start her reloading the page. This will roughly take from 30 seconds to two minutes to load and if it's not Reloaded, after five minutes, probably some internet issues and you can copy the URL and create a new sheet and for me this is the loading is complete. And in AIP you can either search by a countable executive or by the auditable entity. Firstly, I will show an example using a countable executive. So for example, if you type Eric Moss, moss, Eric, then you can click on start filtering. And then the battle well first delay change to green and once it's completed, we'll change back to the blue it's complete and now we can have a quick look on all the records. For example, there is 46 RCI products and there is 500 hours that history can choose. You can export everything you want Excel like this, or you can go to the each sections to have a look and just just to download the the just the downloaded the sections you need. So this is the Excel downloaded in a will has a summary page and it will has the summary page and for each sheet and you can just see all the information you want click this is the one button Download the for all function. And you can either you can also go to a particular section for example can choose if you just you just need the this sections for STI can choose there is some filtering rule applied. And you can go to the AIP user guides on the portal on the bottom of the web page. There is the AIP user guides and you can so this is the section for Gray's regulatory, compliance risk assessment. And the four can chose and four can choose it has it will apply the filtering rules here and after the controls is filtered, it will based on the controls here based on the 563 controls it will filter the products external products products external risk operating the strategic ratings and the risk evaluation points based on this table. So similarly for this is the example of our CIA and the for all the grades you can do a quick filtering here and this is containing search. So you can type any number you can type any numbers you want to filter on this or you can start here by click on their headers to sort by the source or the grid. This is the same for all the modules in AIP. Now I will quickly show an example using auditable entity. So for example, I will search for the compliance program management. Similarly I will click on start filtering and the ones the color change the from green to blue, which means the filter is complete I can also export all the excels or the will lay export to the sheets for the lay up it will lay included the modules with relevant to auditable entities are basically this sections here. Again, we can go through controls. Here you can see their summary sheets or by business unit by additional business unit. Because in the filters we enter the auditable entity so the auditor per entity will firstly map to business unit while the double entity may map to multiple business unit and the based on the business unit. Here this is the section by search by basically in the user guides. It has two two sections. So firstly, it's searched about the Accountable executive. And then the second part is search by auditable entity. And if we go back here this is searchable by this search by this is searched by auditable entity and it has three sheets or by business unit and by additional business unit. This is the filtering rule based on this filtering rule the controls is filtered and further based on the controls and we'll filter that the products external risk operating under strategic readings and the risk evaluation points. And this is the quick demo. A Michelle will show will show more about we'll talk more about the logic of the we'll talk more about we'll talk more, talk more about the logic behind this thing and if you have any questions, I'm happy to answer otherwise. Michelle will continue.

Great, there's no questions. So Michelle will talk more about the STI logic

Transcribed by https://otter.ai